_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update navigation settings in several pages

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: MSCS @ <a href='https://wustl.edu/'>Washington University in St. Louis</a>. 

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    email: m.owen@wustl.edu

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hey, thanks for visiting my page! :sparkles:

I am a Master's student studying Computer Science at Washington University in St. Louis. My research interests revolve around the field of **Trustworthy AI**, where I explore the possibilities of fundamentally understanding and certifying deep machine learning models. I'm driven by the potential to create AI systems that are reliable, transparent, and aligned with human values.

Currently, I am working on my Master's thesis under the supervision of Dr. [Yevgeniy Vorobeychik](https://vorobeychik.com/) where we try to develop a framework for obtaining and formally verifying safety guarantees in end-to-end autonomous driving systems. 

Additionally, I am a founding member of [WrapperAI](https://wrapperai.org/), a startup that leverages natural language processing (NLP) techniques and information theory to develop solutions for safeguarding user privacy in scenarios such as digital file storage and user interactions with chatbots. 

In my free time, I enjoy watching Netflix, playing video games (fingers crossed that Blizzard can revive World of Warcraft :broken_heart:), going on hikes with friends, and photography.
